# Consulting Work for Mercy Community Healthcare
I worked on a statistical consulting project in the Spring of 2025. Alongside a group of my peers, we collaborated on providing patient analytics for Mercy Community Healthcare in Franklin, TN. Given the constraints of HIPAA and ensuring patient privacy, none of the data, nor patient analysis we delivered, can be provided. Attached in links in this project are maps that look similarly to ones I created during this consulting.

My task was to provide geographic insights on Mercy's patients. Alongside a partner, I spearheaded a campaign to evaluate the most popular counties of Tennessee that a patient came from. We first created a bar graph that explicitly showed the top 20 counties that Mercy's patients came from in Tennessee. Then, we created a density map that outlined the state of Tennessee, as well as counties. The darker the counties are in the map, the more populous they are in Mercy's patient locations. 

After creating a map of Tennessee, we inquired about patients who came outside the state of Tennessee. Just like with the graph of Tennessee, we created a density map of the United States that highlighted which states patients were coming from.

Doing these projects helped to contribute to a better understanding of Mercy Healthcare's patients. It was our goal to alleviate some of their administrative work in analyzing patient demographics. Skills I was able to learn was creating visualizations with map, as well as learning to work with confidential patient data. If I were to make any changes on the project it would be to gain more understanding on how accessible this healthcare service is to the patients. Is the location convenient for patients, and are they receiving the necessary care?
